Performance: Add isLazy property to Tabs (#1656)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui: website/pages/docs/components/tabs.mdx

</Tabs>
```

### Lazily mounting tab panels

> By default, the Tabs component renders all tabs to the DOM If you'd like to only mount the contents of a `TabPanel` to the DOM at once.
> If you want to defer rendering of content until the tab is activated/clicked/selected, you can use the `isLazy` property.
> In this way, the tab content will not be mounted to the DOM until it is open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `Tabs` component renders all tabs content to the DOM, meaning that invisible tabs are still rendered but are hidden by styles.

If you want to defer rendering of each tab until that tab is selected, you can use the `isLazy` prop. This is useful if your tabs require heavy performance, or make network calls on mount that should only happen when the component is displayed.
```

Trying to edit this a little bit to help explain why you'd want to use it. How does this sound @ljosberinn?

Reviewer 2: lgtm!
